Evaluating web accessibility: resources overview.
Evaluation helps you ensure that your websites
and applications meet accessibility requirements.
Ideally you evaluate regularly throughout
the design and development process.
This way you find errors early and avoid costly
repairs later in the process.
The W3C Web Accessibility Initiative, W-A-I, or WAI,
provides free resources to help you with your evaluation.
"Easy Checks - A First Review of Web Accessibility"
explains how you can do some checks yourself.
Even if you are new to web accessibility and
not technical,
these checks give you a rough idea of the accessibility of any web page.
WAI also maintains a "Web Accessibility Evaluation
Tools List" that you can filter.
"Selecting Web Accessibility Evaluation Tools"
explains what tools can and cannot do.
For more experienced evaluators, WAI provides
"WCAG-EM",
the "Website Accessibility Conformance Evaluation Methodology".
The "WCAG-EM Report Tool" helps you record
the findings as you follow the methodology.
To help you better understand how different
users experience your website and applications,
WAI provides guidance in "Involving Users
in Web Projects for Better, Easier Accessibility"
and "Involving Users in Evaluating Web Accessibility".
With all these resources, you can learn how to check your website for accessibility and
prioritize the issues you need to address first.
Web accessibility: essential for some, useful for all.
For resources on evaluating web accessibility visit w3.org/WAI/evaluation